# This file is generated by script/oppfest/codeowners.py
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Open Peer Power Core
setup.py @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/*.py @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/helpers/* @open-peer-power/core
openpeerpower/util/* @open-peer-power/core

# Open Peer Power Supervisor
build.json @open-peer-power/supervisor
machine/* @open-peer-power/supervisor
rootfs/* @open-peer-power/supervisor
Dockerfile @open-peer-power/supervisor

# Other code
openpeerpower/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza

# Integrations
openpeerpower/components/abode/* @shred86
openpeerpower/components/accuweather/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/acmeda/* @atmurray
openpeerpower/components/adguard/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/advantage_air/* @Bre77
openpeerpower/components/aemet/* @noltari
openpeerpower/components/agent_dvr/* @ispysoftware
openpeerpower/components/airly/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/airnow/* @asymworks
openpeerpower/components/airvisual/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/alarmdecoder/* @ajschmidt8
openpeerpower/components/alexa/* @openpeerpower/cloud @ochlocracy
openpeerpower/components/almond/* @gcampax @balloob
openpeerpower/components/alpha_vantage/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/ambiclimate/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/ambient_station/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/analytics/* @openpeerpower/core @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/androidtv/* @JeffLIrion
openpeerpower/components/apache_kafka/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/api/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/apple_tv/* @postlund
openpeerpower/components/apprise/* @caronc
openpeerpower/components/aprs/* @PhilRW
openpeerpower/components/arcam_fmj/* @elupus
openpeerpower/components/arduino/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/arest/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/arris_tg2492lg/* @vanbalken
openpeerpower/components/asuswrt/* @kennedyshead @ollo69
openpeerpower/components/atag/* @MatsNL
openpeerpower/components/aten_pe/* @mtdcr
openpeerpower/components/atome/* @baqs
openpeerpower/components/august/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/aurora/* @djtimca
openpeerpower/components/aurora_abb_powerone/* @davet2001
openpeerpower/components/auth/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/automation/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/avea/* @pattyland
openpeerpower/components/awair/* @ahayworth @danielsjf
openpeerpower/components/axis/* @Kane610
openpeerpower/components/azure_devops/* @timmo001
openpeerpower/components/azure_event_hub/* @eavanvalkenburg
openpeerpower/components/azure_service_bus/* @hfurubotten
openpeerpower/components/beewi_smartclim/* @alemuro
openpeerpower/components/bitcoin/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/bizkaibus/* @UgaitzEtxebarria
openpeerpower/components/blebox/* @bbx-a @bbx-jp
openpeerpower/components/blink/* @fronzbot
openpeerpower/components/blueprint/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/bmp280/* @belidzs
openpeerpower/components/bmw_connected_drive/* @gerard33 @rikroe
openpeerpower/components/bond/* @prystupa
openpeerpower/components/bosch_shc/* @tschamm
openpeerpower/components/braviatv/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/broadlink/* @danielhiversen @felipediel
openpeerpower/components/brother/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/brunt/* @eavanvalkenburg
openpeerpower/components/bsblan/* @liudger
openpeerpower/components/bt_smarthub/* @jxwolstenholme
openpeerpower/components/buienradar/* @mjj4791 @ties @Robbie1221
openpeerpower/components/cert_expiry/* @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
openpeerpower/components/circuit/* @braam
openpeerpower/components/cisco_ios/* @fbradyirl
openpeerpower/components/cisco_mobility_express/* @fbradyirl
openpeerpower/components/cisco_webex_teams/* @fbradyirl
openpeerpower/components/climacell/* @raman325
openpeerpower/components/cloud/* @openpeerpower/cloud
openpeerpower/components/cloudflare/* @ludeeus @ctalkington
openpeerpower/components/color_extractor/* @GenericStudent
openpeerpower/components/comfoconnect/* @michaelarnauts
openpeerpower/components/compensation/* @Petro31
openpeerpower/components/config/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/configurator/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/control4/* @lawtancool
openpeerpower/components/conversation/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/coolmaster/* @OnFreund
openpeerpower/components/coronavirus/* @open_peer_power/core
openpeerpower/components/counter/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/cover/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/cpuspeed/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/cups/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/daikin/* @fredrike
openpeerpower/components/darksky/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/debugpy/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/deconz/* @Kane610
openpeerpower/components/delijn/* @bollewolle @Emilv2
openpeerpower/components/demo/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/denonavr/* @scarface-4711 @starkillerOG
openpeerpower/components/derivative/* @afaucogney
openpeerpower/components/device_automation/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/devolo_home_control/* @2Fake @Shutgun
openpeerpower/components/dexcom/* @gagebenne
openpeerpower/components/dhcp/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/dht/* @thegardenmonkey
openpeerpower/components/digital_ocean/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/directv/* @ctalkington
openpeerpower/components/discogs/* @thibmaek
openpeerpower/components/doorbird/* @oblogic7 @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/dsmr/* @Robbie1221
openpeerpower/components/dsmr_reader/* @depl0y
openpeerpower/components/dunehd/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/dwd_weather_warnings/* @runningman84 @stephan192 @Hummel95
openpeerpower/components/dweet/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/dynalite/* @ziv1234
openpeerpower/components/eafm/* @Jc2k
openpeerpower/components/ecobee/* @marthoc
openpeerpower/components/econet/* @vangorra @w1ll1am23
openpeerpower/components/ecovacs/* @OverloadUT
openpeerpower/components/edl21/* @mtdcr
openpeerpower/components/egardia/* @jeroenterheerdt
openpeerpower/components/eight_sleep/* @mezz64
openpeerpower/components/elkm1/* @gwww @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/elv/* @majuss
openpeerpower/components/emby/* @mezz64
openpeerpower/components/emoncms/* @borpin
openpeerpower/components/emulated_kasa/* @kbickar
openpeerpower/components/enigma2/* @fbradyirl
openpeerpower/components/enocean/* @bdurrer
openpeerpower/components/enphase_envoy/* @gtdiehl
openpeerpower/components/entur_public_transport/* @hfurubotten
openpeerpower/components/environment_canada/* @michaeldavie
openpeerpower/components/ephember/* @ttroy50
openpeerpower/components/epson/* @pszafer
openpeerpower/components/epsonworkforce/* @ThaStealth
openpeerpower/components/eq3btsmart/* @rytilahti
openpeerpower/components/essent/* @TheLastProject
openpeerpower/components/evohome/* @zxdavb
openpeerpower/components/ezviz/* @RenierM26 @baqs
openpeerpower/components/faa_delays/* @ntilley905
openpeerpower/components/fastdotcom/* @rohankapoorcom
openpeerpower/components/file/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/filter/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/fireservicerota/* @cyberjunky
openpeerpower/components/firmata/* @DaAwesomeP
openpeerpower/components/fixer/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/flo/* @dmulcahey
openpeerpower/components/flock/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/flume/* @ChrisMandich @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/flunearyou/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/forked_daapd/* @uvjustin
openpeerpower/components/fortios/* @kimfrellsen
openpeerpower/components/foscam/* @skgsergio
openpeerpower/components/freebox/* @hacf-fr @Quentame
openpeerpower/components/fritz/* @mammuth @AaronDavidSchneider @chemelli74
openpeerpower/components/fritzbox/* @mib1185
openpeerpower/components/fronius/* @nielstron
openpeerpower/components/frontend/* @openpeerpower/frontend
openpeerpower/components/garmin_connect/* @cyberjunky
openpeerpower/components/gdacs/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/geniushub/* @zxdavb
openpeerpower/components/geo_json_events/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/geo_rss_events/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/geonetnz_quakes/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/geonetnz_volcano/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/gios/* @bieniu
openpeerpower/components/gitter/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/glances/* @fabaff @engrbm87
openpeerpower/components/goalzero/* @tkdrob
openpeerpower/components/gogogate2/* @vangorra @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/google_assistant/* @openpeerpower/cloud
openpeerpower/components/google_cloud/* @lufton
openpeerpower/components/gpsd/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/gree/* @cmroche
openpeerpower/components/greeneye_monitor/* @jkeljo
openpeerpower/components/group/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/growatt_server/* @indykoning @muppet3000
openpeerpower/components/guardian/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/habitica/* @ASMfreaK @leikoilja
openpeerpower/components/harmony/* @ehendrix23 @bramkragten @bdraco @mkeesey
openpeerpower/components/heatmiser/* @andylockran
openpeerpower/components/heos/* @andrewsayre
openpeerpower/components/here_travel_time/* @eifinger
openpeerpower/components/hikvision/* @mezz64
openpeerpower/components/hikvisioncam/* @fbradyirl
openpeerpower/components/hisense_aehw4a1/* @bannhead
openpeerpower/components/history/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/hive/* @Rendili @KJonline
openpeerpower/components/hlk_sw16/* @jameshilliard
openpeerpower/components/home_connect/* @DavidMStraub
openpeerpower/components/homekit/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/homekit_controller/* @Jc2k @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/homematic/* @pvizeli @danielperna84
openpeerpower/components/http/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/huawei_lte/* @scop @fphammerle
openpeerpower/components/huawei_router/* @abmantis
openpeerpower/components/hue/* @balloob @frenck
openpeerpower/components/huisbaasje/* @denniss17
openpeerpower/components/humidifier/* @openpeerpower/core @Shulyaka
openpeerpower/components/hunterdouglas_powerview/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/hvv_departures/* @vigonotion
openpeerpower/components/hydrawise/* @ptcryan
openpeerpower/components/hyperion/* @dermotduffy
openpeerpower/components/iammeter/* @lewei50
openpeerpower/components/iaqualink/* @flz
openpeerpower/components/icloud/* @Quentame @nzapponi
openpeerpower/components/ign_sismologia/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/image/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/incomfort/* @zxdavb
openpeerpower/components/influxdb/* @fabaff @mdegat01
openpeerpower/components/input_boolean/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/input_datetime/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/input_number/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/input_select/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/input_text/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/insteon/* @teharris1
openpeerpower/components/integration/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/intent/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/intesishome/* @jnimmo
openpeerpower/components/ios/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/iperf3/* @rohankapoorcom
openpeerpower/components/ipma/* @dgomes @abmantis
openpeerpower/components/ipp/* @ctalkington
openpeerpower/components/iqvia/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/isy994/* @bdraco @shbatm
openpeerpower/components/izone/* @Swamp-Ig
openpeerpower/components/jewish_calendar/* @tsvi
openpeerpower/components/juicenet/* @jesserockz
openpeerpower/components/kaiterra/* @Michsior14
openpeerpower/components/keba/* @dannerph
openpeerpower/components/keenetic_ndms2/* @foxel
openpeerpower/components/kef/* @basnijholt
openpeerpower/components/keyboard_remote/* @bendavid
openpeerpower/components/kmtronic/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/kodi/* @OnFreund @cgtobi
openpeerpower/components/konnected/* @heythisisnate @kit-klein
openpeerpower/components/kulersky/* @emlove
openpeerpower/components/lametric/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/launch_library/* @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/lcn/* @alengwenus
openpeerpower/components/life360/* @pnbruckner
openpeerpower/components/linux_battery/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/litejet/* @joncar
openpeerpower/components/litterrobot/* @natekspencer
openpeerpower/components/local_ip/* @issacg
openpeerpower/components/logger/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/logi_circle/* @evanjd
openpeerpower/components/loopenergy/* @pavoni
openpeerpower/components/lovelace/* @openpeerpower/frontend
openpeerpower/components/luci/* @mzdrale
openpeerpower/components/luftdaten/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/lupusec/* @majuss
openpeerpower/components/lutron/* @JonGilmore
openpeerpower/components/lutron_caseta/* @swails @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/lyric/* @timmo001
openpeerpower/components/mastodon/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/matrix/* @tinloaf
openpeerpower/components/mazda/* @bdr99
openpeerpower/components/mcp23017/* @jardiamj
openpeerpower/components/media_source/* @hunterjm
openpeerpower/components/mediaroom/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/melcloud/* @vilppuvuorinen
openpeerpower/components/melissa/* @kennedyshead
openpeerpower/components/met/* @danielhiversen @thimic
openpeerpower/components/meteo_france/* @hacf-fr @oncleben31 @Quentame
openpeerpower/components/meteoalarm/* @rolfberkenbosch
openpeerpower/components/metoffice/* @MrHarcombe
openpeerpower/components/miflora/* @danielhiversen @basnijholt
openpeerpower/components/mikrotik/* @engrbm87
openpeerpower/components/mill/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/min_max/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/minecraft_server/* @elmurato
openpeerpower/components/minio/* @tkislan
openpeerpower/components/mobile_app/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/modbus/* @adamchengtkc @janiversen @vzahradnik
openpeerpower/components/monoprice/* @etsinko @OnFreund
openpeerpower/components/moon/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/motion_blinds/* @starkillerOG
openpeerpower/components/mpd/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/mqtt/* @emontnemery
openpeerpower/components/msteams/* @peroyvind
openpeerpower/components/mullvad/* @meichthys
openpeerpower/components/my/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/myq/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/mysensors/* @MartinHjelmare @functionpointer
openpeerpower/components/mystrom/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/neato/* @dshokouhi @Santobert
openpeerpower/components/nederlandse_spoorwegen/* @YarmoM
openpeerpower/components/nello/* @pschmitt
openpeerpower/components/ness_alarm/* @nickw444
openpeerpower/components/nest/* @allenporter
openpeerpower/components/netatmo/* @cgtobi
openpeerpower/components/netdata/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/nexia/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/nextbus/* @vividboarder
openpeerpower/components/nextcloud/* @meichthys
openpeerpower/components/nightscout/* @marciogranzotto
openpeerpower/components/nilu/* @hfurubotten
openpeerpower/components/nissan_leaf/* @filcole
openpeerpower/components/nmbs/* @thibmaek
openpeerpower/components/no_ip/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/noaa_tides/* @jdelaney72
openpeerpower/components/notify/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/notify_events/* @matrozov @papajojo
openpeerpower/components/notion/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/nuki/* @pschmitt @pvizeli @pree
openpeerpower/components/numato/* @clssn
openpeerpower/components/number/* @openpeerpower/core @Shulyaka
openpeerpower/components/nut/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/nws/* @MatthewFlamm
openpeerpower/components/nzbget/* @chriscla
openpeerpower/components/obihai/* @dshokouhi
openpeerpower/components/ohmconnect/* @robbiet480
openpeerpower/components/ombi/* @larssont
openpeerpower/components/omnilogic/* @oliver84 @djtimca @gentoosu
openpeerpower/components/onboarding/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/ondilo_ico/* @JeromeHXP
openpeerpower/components/onewire/* @garbled1 @epenet
openpeerpower/components/onvif/* @hunterjm
openpeerpower/components/openerz/* @misialq
openpeerpower/components/opengarage/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/openhome/* @bazwilliams
openpeerpower/components/openpeerpower/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/opentherm_gw/* @mvn23
openpeerpower/components/openuv/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/openweathermap/* @fabaff @freekode @nzapponi
openpeerpower/components/opnsense/* @mtreinish
openpeerpower/components/oppio/* @openpeerpower/supervisor
openpeerpower/components/orangepi_gpio/* @pascallj
openpeerpower/components/oru/* @bvlaicu
openpeerpower/components/ovo_energy/* @timmo001
openpeerpower/components/ozw/* @cgarwood @marcelveldt @MartinHjelmare
openpeerpower/components/panel_custom/* @open-peer-power/frontend
openpeerpower/components/panel_iframe/* @open-peer-power/frontend
openpeerpower/components/pcal9535a/* @Shulyaka
openpeerpower/components/persistent_notification/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/philips_js/* @elupus
openpeerpower/components/pi4ioe5v9xxxx/* @antonverburg
openpeerpower/components/pi_hole/* @fabaff @johnluetke @shenxn
openpeerpower/components/pilight/* @trekky12
openpeerpower/components/plaato/* @JohNan
openpeerpower/components/plex/* @jjlawren
openpeerpower/components/plugwise/* @CoMPaTech @bouwew @brefra
openpeerpower/components/plum_lightpad/* @ColinHarrington @prystupa
openpeerpower/components/point/* @fredrike
openpeerpower/components/poolsense/* @haemishkyd
openpeerpower/components/powerwall/* @bdraco @jrester
openpeerpower/components/profiler/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/progettihwsw/* @ardaseremet
openpeerpower/components/prometheus/* @knyar
openpeerpower/components/proxmoxve/* @k4ds3 @jhollowe @Corbeno
openpeerpower/components/ps4/* @ktnrg45
openpeerpower/components/push/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/pvoutput/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/pvpc_hourly_pricing/* @azogue
openpeerpower/components/qbittorrent/* @geoffreylagaisse
openpeerpower/components/qld_bushfire/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/qnap/* @colinodell
openpeerpower/components/quantum_gateway/* @cisasteelersfan
openpeerpower/components/qvr_pro/* @oblogic7
openpeerpower/components/qwikswitch/* @kellerza
openpeerpower/components/rachio/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/radiotherm/* @vinnyfuria
openpeerpower/components/rainbird/* @konikvranik
openpeerpower/components/raincloud/* @vanstinator
openpeerpower/components/rainforest_eagle/* @gtdiehl @jcalbert
openpeerpower/components/rainmachine/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/random/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/recollect_waste/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/rejseplanen/* @DarkFox
openpeerpower/components/repetier/* @MTrab
openpeerpower/components/rflink/* @javicalle
openpeerpower/components/rfxtrx/* @danielhiversen @elupus @RobBie1221
openpeerpower/components/ring/* @balloob
openpeerpower/components/risco/* @OnFreund
openpeerpower/components/rituals_perfume_genie/* @milanmeu
openpeerpower/components/rmvtransport/* @cgtobi
openpeerpower/components/roku/* @ctalkington
openpeerpower/components/roomba/* @pschmitt @cyr-ius @shenxn
openpeerpower/components/roon/* @pavoni
openpeerpower/components/rpi_gpio_pwm/* @soldag
openpeerpower/components/rpi_power/* @shenxn @swetoast
openpeerpower/components/ruckus_unleashed/* @gabe565
openpeerpower/components/safe_mode/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/saj/* @fredericvl
openpeerpower/components/samsungtv/* @escoand @chemelli74
openpeerpower/components/scene/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/schluter/* @prairieapps
openpeerpower/components/scrape/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/script/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/search/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/sense/* @kbickar
openpeerpower/components/sensibo/* @andrey-git
openpeerpower/components/sentry/* @dcramer @frenck
openpeerpower/components/serial/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/seven_segments/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/seventeentrack/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/sharkiq/* @ajmarks
openpeerpower/components/shell_command/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/shelly/* @balloob @bieniu @thecode @chemelli74
openpeerpower/components/shiftr/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/shodan/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/sighthound/* @robmarkcole
openpeerpower/components/signal_messenger/* @bbernhard
openpeerpower/components/simplisafe/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/sinch/* @bendikrb
openpeerpower/components/sisyphus/* @jkeljo
openpeerpower/components/sky_hub/* @rogerselwyn
openpeerpower/components/slack/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/slide/* @ualex73
openpeerpower/components/sma/* @kellerza @rklomp
openpeerpower/components/smappee/* @bsmappee
openpeerpower/components/smart_meter_texas/* @grahamwetzler
openpeerpower/components/smarthab/* @outadoc
openpeerpower/components/smartthings/* @andrewsayre
openpeerpower/components/smarttub/* @mdz
openpeerpower/components/smarty/* @z0mbieprocess
openpeerpower/components/sms/* @ocalvo
openpeerpower/components/smtp/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/solaredge/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/solaredge_local/* @drobtravels @scheric
openpeerpower/components/solarlog/* @Ernst79
openpeerpower/components/solax/* @squishykid
openpeerpower/components/soma/* @ratsept
openpeerpower/components/somfy/* @tetienne
openpeerpower/components/sonarr/* @ctalkington
openpeerpower/components/songpal/* @rytilahti @shenxn
openpeerpower/components/sonos/* @cgtobi @jjlawren
openpeerpower/components/spaceapi/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/speedtestdotnet/* @rohankapoorcom @engrbm87
openpeerpower/components/spider/* @peternijssen
openpeerpower/components/spotify/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/sql/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/squeezebox/* @rajlaud
openpeerpower/components/srp_energy/* @briglx
openpeerpower/components/starline/* @anonym-tsk
openpeerpower/components/statistics/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/stiebel_eltron/* @fucm
openpeerpower/components/stookalert/* @fwestenberg
openpeerpower/components/stream/* @hunterjm @uvjustin @allenporter
openpeerpower/components/stt/* @pvizeli
openpeerpower/components/subaru/* @G-Two
openpeerpower/components/suez_water/* @ooii
openpeerpower/components/sun/* @Swamp-Ig
openpeerpower/components/supla/* @mwegrzynek
openpeerpower/components/surepetcare/* @benleb
openpeerpower/components/swiss_hydrological_data/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/swiss_public_transport/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/switchbot/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/switcher_kis/* @tomerfi @thecode
openpeerpower/components/switchmate/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/syncthru/* @nielstron
openpeerpower/components/synology_dsm/* @hacf-fr @Quentame @mib1185
openpeerpower/components/synology_srm/* @aerialls
openpeerpower/components/syslog/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/tado/* @michaelarnauts @bdraco @noltari
openpeerpower/components/tag/* @balloob @dmulcahey
openpeerpower/components/tahoma/* @philklei
openpeerpower/components/tankerkoenig/* @guillempages
openpeerpower/components/tapsaff/* @bazwilliams
openpeerpower/components/tasmota/* @emontnemery
openpeerpower/components/tautulli/* @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/tellduslive/* @fredrike
openpeerpower/components/template/* @PhracturedBlue @tetienne
openpeerpower/components/tesla/* @zabuldon @alandtse
openpeerpower/components/tfiac/* @fredrike @mellado
openpeerpower/components/thethingsnetwork/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/threshold/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/tibber/* @danielhiversen
openpeerpower/components/tile/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/time_date/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/tmb/* @alemuro
openpeerpower/components/todoist/* @boralyl
openpeerpower/components/toon/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/totalconnect/* @austinmroczek
openpeerpower/components/tplink/* @rytilahti @thegardenmonkey
openpeerpower/components/traccar/* @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/trace/* @openpeerpower./core
openpeerpower/components/trafikverket_train/* @endor-force
openpeerpower/components/trafikverket_weatherstation/* @endor-force
openpeerpower/components/transmission/* @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
openpeerpower/components/tts/* @pvizeli
openpeerpower/components/tuya/* @ollo69
openpeerpower/components/twentemilieu/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/twinkly/* @dr1rrb
openpeerpower/components/ubus/* @noltari
openpeerpower/components/unifi/* @Kane610
openpeerpower/components/unifiled/* @florisvdk
openpeerpower/components/upb/* @gwww
openpeerpower/components/upc_connect/* @pvizeli @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/upcloud/* @scop
openpeerpower/components/updater/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/upnp/* @StevenLooman
openpeerpower/components/uptimerobot/* @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/usgs_earthquakes_feed/* @exxamalte
openpeerpower/components/utility_meter/* @dgomes
openpeerpower/components/velbus/* @Cereal2nd @brefra
openpeerpower/components/velux/* @Julius2342
openpeerpower/components/vera/* @pavoni
openpeerpower/components/verisure/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/versasense/* @flamm3blemuff1n
openpeerpower/components/version/* @fabaff @ludeeus
openpeerpower/components/vesync/* @markperdue @webdjoe @thegardenmonkey
openpeerpower/components/vicare/* @oischinger
openpeerpower/components/vilfo/* @ManneW
openpeerpower/components/vivotek/* @HarlemSquirrel
openpeerpower/components/vlc_telnet/* @rodripf @dmcc
openpeerpower/components/volkszaehler/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/volumio/* @OnFreund
openpeerpower/components/wake_on_lan/* @ntilley905
openpeerpower/components/waqi/* @andrey-git
openpeerpower/components/watson_tts/* @rutkai
openpeerpower/components/weather/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/webostv/* @bendavid
openpeerpower/components/websocket_api/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/wemo/* @esev
openpeerpower/components/wiffi/* @mampfes
openpeerpower/components/wilight/* @leofig-rj
openpeerpower/components/withings/* @vangorra
openpeerpower/components/wled/* @frenck
openpeerpower/components/wolflink/* @adamkrol93
openpeerpower/components/workday/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/worldclock/* @fabaff
openpeerpower/components/xbox/* @hunterjm
openpeerpower/components/xbox_live/* @MartinHjelmare
openpeerpower/components/xiaomi_aqara/* @danielhiversen @syssi
openpeerpower/components/xiaomi_miio/* @rytilahti @syssi @starkillerOG
openpeerpower/components/xiaomi_tv/* @simse
openpeerpower/components/xmpp/* @fabaff @flowolf
openpeerpower/components/yale_smart_alarm/* @gjohansson-ST
openpeerpower/components/yamaha_musiccast/* @jalmeroth
openpeerpower/components/yandex_transport/* @rishatik92 @devbis
openpeerpower/components/yeelight/* @rytilahti @zewelor @shenxn
openpeerpower/components/yeelightsunflower/* @lindsaymarkward
openpeerpower/components/yi/* @bachya
openpeerpower/components/zeroconf/* @bdraco
openpeerpower/components/zerproc/* @emlove
openpeerpower/components/zodiac/* @JulienTant
openpeerpower/components/zone/* @openpeerpower/core
openpeerpower/components/zoneminder/* @rohankapoorcom
openpeerpower/components/zwave/* @openpeerpower/z-wave
openpeerpower/components/zwave_js/* @openpeerpower/z-wave

# Individual files
openpeerpower/components/demo/weather @fabaff
